hi everyone today we're going to look at
the Nereus Aries Prime Wireless HD
transmitter from Nerys now the way this
is set up to work is you're going to
plug this in into your laptop computer
then this end plugs into your TV and
therefore you could transmit wirelessly
from your laptop or other device to your
TV now there are other things that are
coming out there that do some more
things but I've used Nereus for a while
and I'm finding that it works pretty
well and they've got a lot of these bugs
already worked out so this supports a 3d
and full 1080p high definition so this
is a setup that you can actually use a
3d televisions so again how it is
supposed to work is you're going to set
this into your laptop and it comes with
this actually pretty handy little HDMI
elbow so you can put it in you do have
to supply power and then this would
transmit to this box right here that
will be mounted behind your TV
potentially on the wall so it is
designed to mount on the wall if you'd
like and then this will actually
transmit the signal back to your TV
through the included which is kind of
nice HDMI cable now that's how it is
designed to work and it will work that
way but I'm going to do something a
little bit different a little bit fun
today what we're going to do is we're
going to take this transmitter and
connect it with the 30-pin transmitter
from an iPad and we're going to send and
mirror my iPad wirelessly using this
device to my TV so let's see how we're
going to do that okay so now everything
you're going to see here is included now
I'll let you know what's not included
when we get there so we have a 30 pin
adapter from bit scene which is not
included you can put into your iPad
again this is a 30 pin adapter so we'll
put it in like so try to put it in
upside down there we go
then we can put the Aries Prime into it
like so now you can use the elbow or you
can use the directing probably actually
works best if we just go ahead and put
in directly all right that and so now
you've got it
so you are able to transmit but you
still need power I'm going to solve that
by using this little external hard drive
I'm sorry
external battery pack turn it on and
then the cable for power is included so
if you're hooking this into your laptop
you would just put this into the USB
port on your laptop but you can also run
it through this external power pack so
let's just do that let's put this here
oops and now we're going to run that
right here we're going to run it right
into just in case we need it the two amp
output and voila you've got power and
you're it's looking to transmit now
we'll soak up the back end to the
television okay so here's the narrowest
of ice I'm going to put it on top of an
Apple TV and then it just connects
directly into my HDMI input onto my
television so you've got an output and
you've got a power
now it's linked to two together and uh
let's see what can do okay so I'm going
to tip to show you this is my iPad and
then right up there is my tv iPad TV do
you look they're completely synced so I
have the ability to run from one to the
other
now let's say I wanted to look at
something like my daughter she likes
this Minnie Mouse puzzles voila it's on
my TV but that's
only so fun another thing that you can
do is at flicks so if you want to watch
a movie on your iPad and then have it
transmitted to your television and
high-definition that's an option for you
now another device I like to use is I
have it hooked up to a volcano which
allows me to wirelessly transmit from
one TV to another so push volcano
idiot this is set up on a TV action in a
different state it wirelessly transmits
from that TV to my iPad which I then
send right back to my home television so
I'm using my iPad as a media center all
because of the Nereus Ares Prime so
there you go
all Wireless with really no latency at
all okay so I showed you one potential
setup with this and it was kind of off
the wall that I'm using for my iPad but
it's designed for your computer so you
can plug your transmitter into your HDMI
port on your computer and then give it
power either through a plug that's
included or through the USB cable is
connected to it through a USB Drive
somehow you have to give it power didn't
you run into your receiving unit which
you also give power you just plug it
into the wall and then you plug the HDMI
back into your television and it almost
really auto-configure so the
configuration and the the pairing of the
two devices is instantaneous or very
quick I should say and works well now
you can do it with your laptop I showed
how you can do it then I've had a couple
external accessories you can run it with
a blu-ray player so you want to have a
blu-ray player you stick the transmitter
into the back of it or to the front of
it or wherever you have your HDMI output
you give it power somehow plug it into
the wall works fine and then you have a
wireless connection to your TV as well
so if you want to hide wires this is a
great way to do it so my final verdict
on the nearest Ares pron Wireless HD
transmitter is five stars it's full
1080p with I haven't detected any
latency at all
it supports full 3d has an uncompressed
digital signal I dot down any kind of
interference issues with it as well it
seems to work real well in my home
wireless setup
you have a lot of the devices kind of
floating through here and and again it's
pretty flexible and all the capabilities
that you have some of you have five
stars
peeping questions please let me know
I'll try to answer not an expert on this
but I can try to do my best take care
and have a great day